test-suites-dir: Allow multiple dirs with OS path separator (#155)
fluendo/fluster: README.md

                        set the directory where test results will be stored
  -ne, --no-emoji       set to use plain text instead of emojis
  -tsd TEST_SUITES_DIR, --test-suites-dir TEST_SUITES_DIR

>                         set the directory where test suite will be read from, multiple directories are supported with OS pathsep (:)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                        set directory where test suite will be read from, multiple directories are supported with OS path separator (:)
```
